Document new experimental HTTP transport based on Netty 4 and Project Reactor (#6265)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/network-settings.md

- `transport.bind_host` (Static, list): Specifies an address or addresses to which an OpenSearch node binds to listen for incoming transport connections. 

- `transport.publish_host` (Static, list): Specifies an address or addresses that an OpenSearch node publishes to other nodes for transport communication.

## Selecting the transport

> The default OpenSearch transport is provided by `transport-netty4` module and internally uses Netty 4 engine for both internal TCP-based communication between nodes in the cluster as well as external HTTP-based communication with the clients. This communication is fully asynchronous and non-blocking. However, there are other transport plugins available that could be used interchangeably:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default OpenSearch transport is provided by the `transport-netty4` module and internally uses the [Netty 4](https://netty.io/) engine for both internal Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)-based communication between nodes in the cluster and external HTTP-based communication with the clients. This communication is fully asynchronous and nonblocking. However, there are other transport plugins available that could be used interchangeably:
```

Reviewer: @reta I made some copy edits and added a link to Netty. Please review.

> The default OpenSearch transport is provided by the `transport-netty4` module and uses the [Netty 4](https://netty.io/) engine for both internal TCP-based communication between nodes in the cluster and external HTTP-based communication with clients. This communication is fully asynchronous and non-blocking. However, there are other transport plugins available that сфт be used interchangeably:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default OpenSearch transport is provided by the `transport-netty4` module and uses the [Netty 4](https://netty.io/) engine for both internal TCP-based communication between nodes in the cluster and external HTTP-based communication with clients. This communication is fully asynchronous and non-blocking. However, there are other transport plugins available that can be used interchangeably:
```

Author: Sorry about that, slipped through :(

> The default OpenSearch transport is provided by the `transport-netty4` module and internally uses the [Netty 4](https://netty.io/) engine for both internal TCP-based communication between nodes in the cluster and external HTTP-based communication with the clients. This communication is fully asynchronous and non-blocking. However, there are other transport plugins available that could be used interchangeably:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default OpenSearch transport is provided by the `transport-netty4` module and uses the [Netty 4](https://netty.io/) engine for both internal TCP-based communication between nodes in the cluster and external HTTP-based communication with clients. This communication is fully asynchronous and non-blocking. However, there are other transport plugins available that can be used interchangeably:
```

Plugin | Description
:---------- | :--------
`transport-nio`    | The OpenSearch transport based on Java NIO. <br> Installation: `./bin/opensearch-plugin install transport-nio` <br> Configuration (using `opensearch.yml`): <br> `transport.type: nio-transport` <br> `http.type: nio-http-transport`

> `transport-reactor-netty4`    | The OpenSearch HTTP transport based on Project Reactor and Netty 4 (**experimental**) <br> Installation: `./bin/opensearch-plugin install transport-reactor-netty4` <br> Configuration (using `opensearch.yml`): <br> `http.type: reactor-netty4`

Reviewer: Should we include a link to the Project Reactor source?
